## Subresource Integrity

If you are loading Highlight.js via CDN you may wish to use [Subresource Integrity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to guarantee that you are using a legimitate build of the library.

To do this you simply need to add the `integrity` attribute for each JavaScript file you download via CDN. These digests are used by the browser to confirm the files downloaded have not been modified.

```html
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/highlight.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-9mu2JKpUImscOMmwjm1y6MA2YsW3amSoFNYwKeUHxaXYKQ1naywWmamEGMdviEen"></script>
<!-- including any other grammars you might need to load -->
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.9.0/languages/go.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-WmGkHEmwSI19EhTfO1nrSk3RziUQKRWg3vO0Ur3VYZjWvJRdRnX4/scQg+S2w1fI"></script>
```

The full list of digests for every file can be found below.

### Digests

```
sha384-uBlc/xEFeDxZmBU7K/YWwi3ryXQrLQCAY2K1Dl3OD2DaAQBZZTt6Ew3aeDP20ix0 /es/languages/bash.js
sha384-4qer4rJCVxZjkwD4YaJfOnT2NOOt0qdjKYJM2076C+djiJ4lgrP1LVsB/MCpJSET /es/languages/bash.min.js
sha384-DA5ii4oN8R2fsamNkHOanSjuN4v7j5RIuheQqnxMQ4cFnfekeuhwu4IdNXiCf+UU /es/languages/css.js
sha384-OBugjfIr093hFCxTRdVfKH8Oe3yiBrS58bhyYYTUQJVobk6SUEjD7pnV8BPwsr8a /es/languages/css.min.js
sha384-/wYGIAWwdVeBvXFBq3HUPpdw6KUhW3wMMXruGXWjhlYT/IruTWojBeoPUbpGXaf5 /es/languages/dockerfile.js
sha384-DQdaFTXRCa9EQdAkBCHnMAhAomUgizSpJPmuCzoaDJMAshvgxlJF5d7J/ysvc6f/ /es/languages/dockerfile.min.js
sha384-WCznKe2n87QvV/L1MlXN+S8R6NPUQGU34+AqogMuWGZJswSD6rt3Mgih+xuKlDgm /es/languages/javascript.js
sha384-eGsBtetyKPDKaLiTnxTzhSzTFM6A/yjHBQIj4rAMVaLPKW5tJb8U6XLr/AikCPd+ /es/languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-12GbYFzdyZCSmfBTmO2CR/qE89K5uE1PEuJ3QUwXH0Q9u+uoLNigjH9dG7LAxxiI /es/languages/json.js
sha384-+DT7AtubDhVDciRc6CgjJJRsCt0L8NC3Dh8n9Tj2tZWU8rWxDIj1ViubmUDn8OCY /es/languages/json.min.js
sha384-bWwkdmOCj83zZ8/m+oPD9goRMhrPCb25ZA6aTyg7vcsq9IpuyED38kQSw1Na4UTZ /es/languages/markdown.js
sha384-SqGSUq0DMQ0OUQnQnTuVDCJyhANd/MFNj+0PF67S+VXgHpR8A4tPsf/3GoSFRmrx /es/languages/markdown.min.js
sha384-ohJ9Jj8Mwyy7EntP4tGMJEtH90WJNKu2C4l37N1kqyTHgbRJyGYUgFe9z3qy3/C8 /es/languages/nginx.js
sha384-tpFPEHvbpL3dYF4uFiVNuCUF62TgMzuW65u5mvxnaJYun1sZwxBsKv+EvVgv3yQK /es/languages/nginx.min.js
sha384-JBkI+6623OoC1qCgG+MY/Ta0qRYSzTDH4NGMA+7U8RNOjkh7geFvYpRidvdHs3zT /es/languages/php.js
sha384-6Znh5S5q9F0hGNMtdaihFL3RJeMqL1a/UecjgzaBrhoxe4sjd5aiEOgokt7blhSW /es/languages/php.min.js
sha384-TTDGPCrk8Dg2oW6NghGM5WJQPbi34BdYJj6yfsDiGXlM5os/SebXT6KzATp19rzo /es/languages/plaintext.js
sha384-XXx7wj9KPm08AyGoGzzFKZP2S7S+S5MbKMPnQcWUyhJ3EjHvLuctK/O1ioJnG2ef /es/languages/plaintext.min.js
sha384-+5oyk7Ed3OlvEWGj8xracq/6e52BScKUN4kxcreNwB7kfRTVsAMs/aAJM58dzIFN /es/languages/python.js
sha384-ND/UH2UkaeWiej5v/oJspfKDz9BGUaVpoDcz4cof0jaiv/mCigjvy7RQ7e+3S6bg /es/languages/python.min.js
sha384-dzLjhd9nNJH62idgKI1vZEKHRBtZXSgwWQdPR+emG7tfAN4BW2g+A5Xs2315Uxii /es/languages/shell.js
sha384-RKUoelG22/D7BV/bNpoGLNzdTgWRf/ACQX7y4BGyIzK6E+xUoXtm68WNQW2tSW8X /es/languages/shell.min.js
sha384-rBAFhyrcRcMNbVJ9g4k5y3eQDkjGdgoOb3oTWTbHgwyUgUNv3CK9wLsGy/d+52oa /es/languages/sql.js
sha384-8G3qMPeOeXVKZ0wGzMQHgMVQWixLw3EXFAcU+IFNLRe0WoZB5St3L3ZLTK62Nzns /es/languages/sql.min.js
sha384-OFoR8IZ+CFwcY8plx8HSDZNoCwLxc701CwdNGfoIEhSgwAbwhvInaxnEi3HYTt2Q /es/languages/xml.js
sha384-yFd3InBtG6WtAVgIl6iIdFKis8HmMC7GbbronB4lHJq3OLef3U8K9puak6MuVZqx /es/languages/xml.min.js
sha384-MX3xn8TktkjONV3aWF6Qn6WZyq2Lh/98p0v7D0qEoJ4WLdYjoAyXF/L/80q3qaEc /es/languages/yaml.js
sha384-4IiaMbQ0LBiRJYBGoAXsN+dV9qu/cGLES6IuVowdeCu/FAMY5/MQfD/bHXoL2YBb /es/languages/yaml.min.js
sha384-qbbaBGYYg7PdopdWOGj8KdkBosUDY5PAe3aTMJKTqWcriPBJJzCVu5BlwNEwqr9U /languages/bash.js
sha384-ByZsYVIHcE8sB12cYY+NUpM80NAWHoBs5SL8VVocIvqVLdXf1hmXNSBn/H9leT4c /languages/bash.min.js
sha384-r9czyL17/ovexTOK33dRiTbHrtaMDzpUXW4iRpetdu1OhhckHXiFzpgZyni2t1PM /languages/css.js
sha384-HpHXnyEqHVbcY+nua3h7/ajfIrakWJxA3fmIZ9X9kbY45N6V+DPfMtfnLBeYEdCx /languages/css.min.js
sha384-BBTUoNxAh4TWINjb22cp1mRwwVdcPyF6zzXZ/1EvQ28ls8EIGhlCKeLav689vLdl /languages/dockerfile.js
sha384-H3wUmCndJNBOuIIzcLSr2zLLZYs8PYuw6qKyENk7THEnYQJvOMDBu42P9XsJSRKw /languages/dockerfile.min.js
sha384-vJxw3XlwaqOQr8IlRPVIBO6DMML5W978fR21/GRI5PAF7yYi2WstLYNG1lXk6j9u /languages/javascript.js
sha384-44q2s9jxk8W5N9gAB0yn7UYLi9E2oVw8eHyaTZLkDS3WuZM/AttkAiVj6JoZuGS4 /languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-dq9sY7BcOdU/6YaN+YmFuWFG8MY2WYJG2w3RlDRfaVvjdHchE07Ss7ILfcZ56nUM /languages/json.js
sha384-RbRhXcXx5VHUdUaC5R0oV+XBXA5GhkaVCUzK8xN19K3FmtWSHyGVgulK92XnhBsI /languages/json.min.js
sha384-U+zIQPoVdPCO0o4poik2hYNbHtNm+L5OojDTulgIeEZTNz+LooLAm72d66mNjwKD /languages/markdown.js
sha384-mCUujHHbWJEjcupTTfWOk9YR3YCYNHaA578+TTXUd4LPi7fGNuMQbysbl1pmcIGd /languages/markdown.min.js
sha384-OtoDZeQykEsQoFzaA50vgmgr+D3F8WIaXZ0CZfYFivHEpkwCpRKT5Ptmuhjr5bfJ /languages/nginx.js
sha384-p6UV3HZc7zs9wUF6j4Knk3bpx1/JnhlwDoFnKJAOogB1cUi32u31NlnZ2s2dW8IR /languages/nginx.min.js
sha384-S1JDGPScVg8ikNKLZc4CSP0ZxLiJ7bOJMzTLfOzQiCxR6wPqAa+YtauHJXQpc2GV /languages/php.js
sha384-c1RNlWYUPEU/QhgCUumvQSdSFaq+yFhv3VfGTG/OTh8oirAi/Jnp6XbnqOLePgjg /languages/php.min.js
sha384-IHapUcPkNR+7JNsR+qYSVYGCE3Dpzo2//VYWtmGYrw3eQG1RItQ7HYq6aK1Jo/6L /languages/plaintext.js
sha384-ofjxHpechXkaeQipogSyH62tQNaqAwQiuUHOVi4BGFsX5/KectIoxz16f8J/P5U0 /languages/plaintext.min.js
sha384-zdZio5RcGiKQJCpe/1IXujPle3bIY8sbmvCabSU5G5GzWAzZtoRZfg9QAQXCL08q /languages/python.js
sha384-IP4vv4Aoh9Lyg8QyzVkAmn2JGoDCpgVHzVSrD3Z+rVyn7+s4wx4pRjv+go3TEwfj /languages/python.min.js
sha384-KW3ZDReTAemYUfVHvH1MNQ/v6agCYYdMGdMteP/yVV+NetIJeDMx0ruUMTbr/SD3 /languages/shell.js
sha384-PDEMny3uYpCrSKwqVGLAwqCsc9u+9hYXauxVPqO6RXmlxSNKLoRByEBigU5lahmK /languages/shell.min.js
sha384-Dy7I/j0yJlyliWiNrkNqXfxDrbN65q40s3JColgTYZQ7QJa7lcmK0WUL3i00/T51 /languages/sql.js
sha384-8q00eP+tyV9451aJYD5ML3ftuHKsGnDcezp7EXMEclDg1fZVSoj8O+3VyJTkXmWp /languages/sql.min.js
sha384-+PuZYFfVX2UQZU2yKt/FsJUZNUPzZWxW7auXltsaecr1xLvzBYF3c5gYoyOs1++x /languages/xml.js
sha384-jgkY4GMNWfQcLLIoP1vg3FWXflDrRhcSXGBW6ONIWC2SOIv5H1Pa57sXs+aomCuZ /languages/xml.min.js
sha384-tB5cwwsX4Ddp7P4d+ZInDb3nt4ihEEglHXoQ18eVLlT7soEn7bfGfABWKIn1l+H2 /languages/yaml.js
sha384-WC56y8OaFPt5Kj2HX6JAumxUYEjQmBDcSTJy2pn/N8g7dg1hKjeNVrJYoxlpeVmz /languages/yaml.min.js
sha384-1M30LBLV2cfv4c/1LW0Eg0PHleG8be8tOcO2LCcRBK2rDQRlJyTjKNMH9LOSZ4WZ /highlight.js
sha384-m1IJZiBDw2pBICnF3/3DMw7XVWNjlimAD2xFu5lbC+RsTnGvaW63MmCRjp8XtjBZ /highlight.min.js
```

